> 先帮我评下分哈，再帮忙看看需要修改的地方哈，感谢家翔大神！！

这个评分需要找下专业的，这方面我可能不能给准确的，因为很久没准备了。

With the development of air transportation, there are an increasing number of fruits and vegetables exported to countries where they cannot be grown or are out of season. Some people think it is beneficial while others disagree. Now I will show my opinion about these two views.
On the one hand, air transport brings fruits and vegetables to countries in demand, which can help the people in these countries get a balanced diet causing that fruits and vegetables contain many nutrients to build health, such as vitamin C, vitamin D and so on. At the same time, it is also a great way to improve the economic level for exporting countries. For example, Thailand exported a variety of  [overused] fruits that only can grow in hot weather to other countries to [wordy] earn money, which has become a significant [more academic] source contributing to the income of the whole country.
On the other hand, maybe it is unjustified for exported countries due to the burden of ethnic cuisine [a little impolite], which are usually more accessible [overused]. Compared to the local food, people tend to prefer the exported one as people would like to try new things even though they are a bit more expensive. Furthermore, when countries export many fruits and vegetables, the local rest for local use will become less. As a result, the price of fruits and vegetables will get higher, people will need to pay more, and the living quality will decrease meanwhile.
It is convenient to export fruits and vegetables through air transport while it also takes some unjustified weaknesses. In my eyes, I support that air transport export fruits and vegetables because I think exchanging food by air is a worldwide trend we would better accept rather than reject or avoid.
